[SOFT MUSIC]
♪ THERE IS FREEDOM WITHIN ♪
♪ THERE IS FREEDOM WITHOUT ♪
♪ TRY TO CATCH THE
DELUGE IN A PAPER CUP ♪
♪ THERE'S A BATTLE AHEAD ♪
♪ MANY BATTLES ARE LOST ♪
♪ BUT YOU'LL NEVER SEE
THE END OF THE ROAD ♪
♪ WHILE YOU'RE
TRAVELING WITH ME ♪
♪ HEY NOW, HEY NOW ♪
♪ DON'T DREAM IT'S OVER ♪
♪ WHEN THE WORLD COMES IN ♪
♪ THEY COME, THEY COME ♪
♪ TO BUILD A WALL BETWEEN US ♪
♪ WE KNOW THEY WON'T WIN ♪
♪ NOW I'M TOWING MY CAR ♪
♪ THERE'S A HOLE IN THE ROOF ♪
♪ MY POSSESSIONS ARE
CAUSING ME SUSPICION ♪
♪ BUT THERE'S NO PROOF ♪
♪ IN THE PAPER TODAY ♪
♪ TALES OF WAR AND OF WASTE ♪
♪ BUT YOU TURN RIGHT
OVER TO THE TV PAGE ♪
♪ HEY NOW, HEY NOW ♪
♪ DON'T DREAM IT'S OVER ♪
♪ WHEN THE WORLD COMES IN ♪
♪ THEY COME, THEY COME ♪
♪ TO BUILD A WALL BETWEEN US ♪
♪ WE KNOW THEY WON'T WIN ♪
♪♪♪
♪ NOW I'M WALKING AGAIN ♪
♪ TO THE BEAT OF A DRUM ♪
♪ AND I'M COUNTING THE STEPS
TO THE DOOR OF YOUR HEART ♪
♪ ONLY SHADOWS AHEAD ♪
♪ BARELY CLEARING THE ROOF ♪
♪ GET TO KNOW THE FEELING
OF LIBERATION AND RELEASE ♪
♪ HEY NOW, HEY NOW ♪
♪ DON'T DREAM IT'S OVER ♪
♪ WHEN THE WORLD COMES IN ♪
♪ THEY COME, THEY COME ♪
♪ TO BUILD A WALL BETWEEN US ♪
♪ YOU KNOW THEY WON'T WIN ♪
♪ DON'T LET THEM WIN ♪
♪ HEY NOW, HEY NOW ♪
♪ THEY COME, THEY COME ♪
♪ DON'T LET THEM WIN ♪
♪ HEY NOW, HEY NOW, YEAH ♪
♪ HEY NOW, HEY NOW ♪